("Make the respondent default to the bashee for base-html-sheet, same as for base-ajax-sheet."

 "Fix restore-slot-default to blank out version information at the true root 
in the case that we are a root-object-object child of true parent."

 "Fix restore-tree to restore to true root, and protect root-object-object
 (the object of tasty or ta2) from being blown away and replaced with new object."

 "Make write-snapshot remove the root-object-object from root-paths if called on 
   root-object-object below toplevel parent."

 "Update the update! method to retrieve the version information from
   the true root, in the case we are working on a root-object-object
   below the toplevel parent."
 
 "Fix the order of the returned u,v point for the point function of uv-iso-curve." 

 "Keep the items in internal %version-tree% sorted based on root-path length."

 "Add a tolerance for stitched-solid, and add sew-and-orient by
default for merged-solid."

 "Publish gdlAjax for all servers (including gwl:*ssl-server* if it exists)."

 "Makes web-drawing and tasty respect background and foreground in *colors-default*."

 "Correct snapshot output for objects not made with root-object-object."

 "Remove superfluous debug statements for x3d output" 

 "Fix temporary-folder to respect glisp::*temporary-folder-function*, overridable by user code." 

 "Added overridable initialize-instance! function to vanilla-mixin and
  calls this from make-object and make-object-internal."

 "Improve sort ordering for input forms from snap files and stored in version-tree root data structure"

 "Add descriptive error message in case of missing aggregate in
  add-notify-cons call (which should not normally happen --- internal
  error reported with user code explicitly calling (the aggregate)"

  "Implement random back-off strategy for gwl:start-gwl, for when
  default port 9000 and subsequent ports are busy."

  "Prevent ht (hashtable) information from variable sequences from
  showing up superfluously in snapshot files."

  "Added define-object-macro-toplevel macro."
  
  "Upgraded to Allegro CL 10"

  "Upgraded to SMLib 8.8.13"

  "Upgraded to Quicklisp 2015-10"

  "Upgraded to jquery 1.11.3"

  "Added stricter reserved-word checking."

  "Updated and enhanced glime auto-completion as implemented in emacs/glime.lisp"

  "Upgrade Raphael to 2.1.2"

  "Change Raphael line join to 'round' "
  
  "Detached the toplevel object being inspected in tasty from the
 tasty root itself -- so no more :root-object-object in the
 root-path."  
 
 "Cleaned up redundant and outdated jquery files." 

 "Added 3d-point and 3d-vector data types"

 "Fixed outdated features in *features* list."

 "Added query-slots to *allowed-define-object-toplevel-keywords"

 "Added define-object-macro-toplevel facility"

 "Added user-selectable continuation for existing destination directory in make-gdl-app"

 "Added point-on-plane? and point-on-vector? functions"

 "Added *bias-to-double-float?* parameter to determine whether half
 and twice always return double-floats."

 "Added args argument to not-handled error functions, so that wrappers
 can be added which have access to the arguments passed to the
 not-handled message."




 "Applied Allegro CL patch to fix memory leak where repeated compiles
 of same define-object would continually consume more heap."

  

 )
