Genworks Gendl is so-called "dual-licensed" software, available under
an open-source license (AGPL) and alternatively under various
proprietary licenses (described below) some of which allow you to
distribute your application and derivative code and keep it as
closed-source, proprietary (Trade Secret) software.

Genworks Gendl 是所称的“双轨制”软件，即提供 AGPL开源软件模式，与此同时
用户可选择性地使用多样的私人授权方式（下面有详细叙述），用户可以发行个
人的应用程序和衍生代码，保持一种非AGPL商业授权模式。保护您的专利权和商
业密秘，也就是享受闭源软件的保护。

开源软件

The Open Source ("free software") license allows your application
to enjoy complete freedom. This license follows the philosophy of
"share and share alike." By choosing this license (or by using Gendl
and distributing a compiled application without making any choice of
license), you agree to distribute your application source code under
the AGPL or a compatible license. 

(“自由软件”）的开源许可证允许您的应用程序享受完全的自由。但是您要遵循
APGL许可协议。在此许可协议的授权方式下， 人们可以从Genworks 网站自己
获得开放源代码软件资源，并允许自由修改，自由发布相应的版本。


There are no restrictions against Commercial Use
with the Open Source license; the main requirement is that you offer
to share your application code at no cost, just as the Gendl code has
been shared with you.

我们没有对Gendl开源软件加以商业用途的限制; 但在向市场发布前，必须将自己
修改的部分源代码及时返还回社区，而且没有任何付加成本。 就象我们已与您
共享的Gendl源代码一样。

Gendl application or utility code developed with an Open Source-licensed installation
must always remain as Free Software; the Proprietary licenses in
general do not allow for code originally developed on an Open Source
seat to be converted into a closed-source proprietary application
after the fact, using a proprietary Gendl license.  

开源协议授权下安装的gendl应用程序或开放的实用程序代码必须始终保持为自
由软件; 使用专有Gendl许可证，私人授权不可以将在开源授权方式下开放的源代
码转换为一个闭源授权的应用程序。  

There is an opportunity to overcome this limitation, however: If you
have Gendl application or utility code which was developed using an
Open Source installation, and you wish to include or build upon this
code in a proprietary/closed-source application, you may:

下面几点可以不束服这个限制，如果你有利用开源授权安装开发的Gendl应用程序或
实用程序代码，你希望包括或在源代码基础上建立一个专有/闭源应用此代码，你
可以：

1. Contribute the code to the Gendl project under our standard
Contributor's Agreement, sharing with Genworks the copyright to any
original work. After suitable review, Genworks may choose to include
the code either in the mainline Gendl codebase, or in a "contrib"
directory;

1. 根据我们的标准所提供的协议，发行代码到Gendl项目，，与Genworks分
享任何原创作品的版权。经过适当的审查，Genworks可以选择包括在主线
Gendl的codebase，或在“分享”目录;

2. Purchase an appropriate proprietary Gendl license;

2. 购买一个适当的的专有Gendl许证;

3. Freely include the contributed code in your distributed closed-source applications.

3. 在您的闭源应用程序中可以自由包括贡献代码。

评估许可

The Evaluation license provides a fully-functional, time-limited
Common Lisp engine configured to load Gendl from its source code on
startup. By using the Evaluation license, you agree to both the "share
and share alike" terms of the AGPL Open Source license, as well as the
"No Commercial Use" and other terms of theEvaluation license. The
Evaluation license may be renewed a reasonable number of times while a
purchase or Open Source decision is being made. After a successful
Trial period with the Evaluation license, a request may be made to add
the SMLib geometry kernel to an extended Evaluation period. 

评估许可证提供一个全功能的，有时间限制的Common Lisp的核心机制，配置成在
启动时加载Gen​​dl源代码。通过使用评估许可证，您必须同意开源许可授权下的
“分享和与他人分享”，以及“无商业用途”和评估许可的其他条款。评估许可证
可在正式购买和开源决定期间合理数量地续约。完成一个成功的评估试用期后，
可以请求添加SMLib的几何内核扩展的评估期。

学生版

The Student license is valid for one year from date of initiation
(renewable each year at current prices), and is intended for
undergraduate Students as a learning tool and to peform
coursework. Student-level licensing is not authorized for use on
University-sanctioned or government/industry sponsored research
projects. The software package designed for the Student level License
provides a fully-functional Common Lisp engine configured to load
Gendl from its source code on startup. By using the Student license,
you agree to both the "share and share alike" terms of the AGPL Open
Source license, as well as the "No Commercial Use" terms of the
Evaluation license. The Student license also qualifies to have the
SMLib geometry kernel added as an option.


学生版许可证有效期为一年，从开始之日起（按当年价格每年可续约），目的是
作为一种本科生的学习工具，辅助课程。学生级许可没有被授权使用在大学认可
或政府/工业界资助的研究项目。学生水平许可软件包的设计提供一个全功能的
Common Lisp配置，其源代码在启动时加载Gendl。通过使用学生证，你同意开源
许可授权的“分享和与他人分享”，以及“无商业使用”评估许可证的条款。学生版
许可证也有资格把SMLib几何内核作为一个选项添加。

专业版


The Professional License is intended for use in the early phases of
proprietary application development. It does not include the
capability to generate runtime application distributions. The
Professional Edition may also be appropriate for providing additional
Development seats within an organization or department which already
has at least one Enterprise seat. Gendl source code developed with
Professional Edition may be distributed as proprietary, closed-source
compiled binaries (so-called "fasl" files) for use on licensed
installations of Gendl Runtime.


专业版本许可证可用来开发最初阶段的私有应用程序。它不包括生成运行的应用
程序分布的能力。专业版适合于已经拥有企业版的公司和部门里， 作为额外的开
发版本。专业版开发gendl的源代码可以发布为专有，封闭源代码编译为二进制文
件（即所谓的“FASL”文件）在持牌Gendl运行安装使用。


The Professional license is a perpetual Gendl license; from date of
initiation, you may continue to develop and distribute closed-source
compiled files, with the initiated Gendl version, into perpetuity. As
an option you may renew maintenance and support on an annual basis for
25% of the initiation price for Gendl-related components and support,
and 50% for SMLib-related components.

专业版执照是一个永久不失效的Gendl许可证;从开始之日起，你可以永远利用
Gendl版本持续开发和发布闭源代码编译的文件。您可以选择每年延续Gendl的维
护和售后咨旬。费用是原价25%的Gendl相关组件的支持和维护，和原价50％的SMLib
相关维护和支持。

企业版本

The Enterprise License Enterprise license allows all uses provided by
the Professional license, with the additional ability to generate
closed-source, proprietary, self-contained Runtime applications. These
Runtime applications may be used free of charge in

企业版本的许可证是建立在专业版的基础上，允许所有用户产生闭源的，专有的，
自足运行的应用程序。这些运行时应用程序可以免费使用在：

1. Noncommercial deployments (e.g. for testing and demonstration purposes)
1. 非商业性部署（例如用于测试和演示目的）

2. In Academic (e.g. University research lab) settings.

2. 在学术（如大学的研究实验室）的设置。

For commercial closed-source runtime deployments, Gendl Runtime
licenses are available under a flat-fee, internal model or a
percentage-based VAR distribution model.

对于闭源的商业运行部署，我们提供Gendl运行许可证下的VAR销售模式，您只付
您销售额的百分比。


Professional license is a perpetual Gendl license; from date of
initiation, you may continue to develop and distribute closed-source
compiled files, with the initiated Gendl version, into perpetuity. In
order to generate closed-source self-contained Runtime applications,
your Gendl Enterprise license must be paid-up with maintenance on an
annual basis, at a price of 25% of the initiation price for
Gendl-related components, and 50% for SMLib-related components.

专业版执照是一个永久不失效的Gendl许可证;从开始之日起，你可以永远利用
Gendl版本持续开发和发布闭源代码编译的文件。但是为了生成闭源自足运行的应
用程序，您必须每年延续Gendl的维护和售后咨旬并上缴每年的维修费用，原价
25%的Gendl相关组件的支持和维护，和原价50％的SMLib相关维护和支持。

学术定价

As our investment in the future, and in the possible improvement of
Gendl from research results, Genworks offers a 50% discount for most
Gendl components for use in Academic institutions. Academic settings
which qualify for Academic pricing include:

作为我们对未来的投资以及研究成果可能给Gendl带来的改进，
Genworks将把Gendl的大部分组件对学术机构中提供50％的折扣。
符合学术定价的学术环境包括：

1. Academic Institutions of higher learning (i.e. Universities)
1. 高校（即大学）的学术机构

2. Government research laboratories
2. 政府研究实验室

3. Government/Industry/University collaborative research consortia
3. 政府/工业/大学合作研究财团

Furthermore, Runtime applications in an Academic setting (generated
from an Enterprise-level licensed Gendl seat) are by definition
non-commercial, and can therefore be deployed free of charge without
limit. 

此外，在学术环境中的运行应用程序（来自于企业版本证书支持的Gendl席位）被
定义为非商业用途，因此，可以免费无限制部署。
 

生成应用程序开发的实用工具版权所有©2012 Genworks国际。保留所有权利。
